In this repository, I take a few thousand text files containing video analysis output and compile them into a single large [data file](wrangling_data/data/behav_combined_after_qc2.csv).

# Background

Many parasites manipulate the behavior of their hosts. I conducted an experiment in which I infected different strains of copepods (a crustacean) with different strains of tapeworms. The goal was to quantify the extent to which host genes and parasite genes affect behavioral changes in infected hosts. Copepod behavior was video recorded and then analyzed with ImageJ software. Each copepod was recorded on multiple days that spanned the course of parasite development. The raw data from the video analyses were outputted to txt files labelled with copepod name and the day of observation. These files are in the folder [raw_data](raw_data). 

### Data processing
The [compiler script](compiler.py) takes these files and stiches them into one large csv. I then conducted exploratory quality control analyses. First, I checked whether files had been combined correctly with the right number of rows and columns, as detailed in this [notebook](wrangling_data/quality_control_notebooks/quality_control_behav_data1.ipynb). Then, I created plots to better understand the causes of the problematic cases, as shown in this [notebook](wrangling_data/quality_control_notebooks/quality_control_behav_data2.md). Accordingly, I reevaluated videos as needed and corrected the raw data. Elsewhere, the [data frame](wrangling_data/data/behav_combined_after_qc2.csv) created here, was combined with additional data and analyzed.